okay daddy we'll see you tomorrow night
okay bye bye we are uh having dinner
with my dad tomorrow night
I hope that's okay oh shoot tomorrow's
not so good I'm supposed to UM fall off
the Empire State Building and land on a
bicycle with no seagulls Ross my father
doesn't hate you
please he refers to me as wet head
everybody by nickname okay look I know
it just one dinner please one night for
me please I just want to love you like I
do
all right well not exactly like I do but
if you do come to dinner I'll love you
like I do and that black thing that you
like I'll go
fine I got there yeah we'll see hi Daddy
this is where they put it but there was
no table available in the kitchen nice
to see you again dr. Greene so how's the
library uh Museum what happened to the
library there never was a library I mean
there are libraries it's just that I
I've never worked at one you know what's
really good here the lobster what do you
say shall I just order three yeah if
you're really hungry
I made a joke yeah actually daddy
Ross is allergic to Lobster what kind of
person is allergic to Lobster guess the
kind of person who works in a library
that's novel I know it's a museum
well you're the only one around here who
can make a joke least mine was funny
later we will have two lobsters and a
menu so dr. Greene how's the old boat
they found rust you know what rust does
to a boat gives it a nice antique II
look
rust is boat cancer Ross well I'm sorry
when I was a kid I lost a bike to that
excuse me for a moment will you please I
want to say good night to the Levine's
before we go okay oh I think your dad
must have added wrong he only tipped
like 4% yeah daddy that's daddy but
doesn't it bother you you're a waitress
yes it bothers me Ross but you know if
he was a regular at the coffee house I'd
be serving him sneezers so so Ross I
bugged him about this a million times
he's not gonna change
do you really sir people sneezers well I
don't kids ready wait wait wait I think
I forgot my receipt you don't need that
the carbon it's messy I mean gets on
your fingers and causes the the night
blindness what is this we put a 20 down
huh oh yeah that would be me I have I
have a problem I I tip way too much way
way to my it's a sickness really yeah it
is it is we really really no excuse me
you think I'm cheap really nothing I do
means anything really this is nice I
paid $200 for dinner you put down 20 and
you come out looking like mr. bigshot
you really want to be mr. big oh yeah
I'll tell you what you pay the whole
bill mr. bigshot right well mr. bigshot
is better than went head